Update ClientDeployment.md (#12990)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi.Documentation/ClientRelease/ClientDeployment.md

# Final tests

1. Draft a new release.
2. Check the exact **date** of the last release and the **name** of the last PR.
3. List the PR-s in order, open the [link and (adjust date!)](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pulls?q=is%3Apr+merged%3A%3E%3D2019-07-07+sort%3Aupdated-asc).
4. Go trough all PR, create the Release Notes document and the Final Test issue. Create test cases according to PR-s and write a list. [Release Notes format](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v1.1.6) and [Final Test format](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/2227).
5. Go trough all issues and pick the [important ones (adjust date!)](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+closed%3A%3E%3D2019-07-07+sort%3Aupdated-asc+) and add to Release Notes or to Final Tests if required.
6. Check Tor status. Never release during a Tor network disruption: https://status.torproject.org/
7. At the end there will be a Final Test document and a Release Notes document.

# Release candidate

> 1. Go to your own fork of Wasabi and press Draft a new release. Release candidates are not published in the main repository!

Reviewer: Why not publish RCs on the main repository?
Many if not most open source projects publish them on the main repo, for example bitcoin core has the RCs only under the tags subpage: https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/tags.

Why would anyone trust someone else's personal fork, and how would contributors even know about the existence of these RCs on personal forks?

Author: I need to document how we do it now. There is no room for changes at this PR.

2. Tag version: add `rc1` postfix e.g: v1.1.7rc1.
3. Set release title e.g: `Wasabi v1.1.7: <Release Title> - Release candidate`.
4. Set description use [Release Notes Template]([https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/releases](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/blob/master/WalletWasabi.Documentation/ClientRelease/ReleaseNotesTemplate.md)).
5. Add the Release Notes, the same as it will be at the final release (can be typofixed).
6. Do Packaging (see below).

> 16. Upload the files to the pre-release.
> 17. Check `This is a pre-release` and press Publish Release.
> 18. Add the pre-release link to the Final Test issue.
> 19. Share the Final Test issue link with developers and test it for 24 hours.
> 20. Every PR that is contained in the release must be at least 24 hours old.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Upload the files to the pre-release.
8. Check `This is a pre-release` and press Publish Release.
9. Add the pre-release link to the Final Test issue.
10. Share the Final Test issue link with developers and test it for 24 hours.
11. Every PR that is contained in the release must be at least 24 hours old.
```

1. Make sure CI and CodeFactor check out.
2. Run tests.
3. Run the [script file](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/blob/master/WalletWasabi.Packager/scripts/Wasabi_release.ps1) on the **Windows Release Laptop** and follow the instructions.
4. At some point you will need to run [this script](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/blob/master/WalletWasabi.Packager/scripts/WasabiNoratize.scpt) file on Mac. Don't forget to open the script file on Mac and insert your Apple dev username and password. Guide how to setup it: [macOS release environment](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/blob/master/WalletWasabi.Documentation/Guides/MacOsSigning.md).
5. Finish the script on Windows. Now a folder should pop up with all the files that need to be uploaded to GitHub.
6. Test asc file for `.msi`.
7. Final `.msi` test on own computer.

# Final release

1. Draft a [new release at the main repo](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/releases/new).
2. Bump client version. (WalletWasabi/Helpers/Constants.cs).
3. Copy and paste the release notes from the RC releases. It should have been well-reviewed until now. Make sure the the recent changes are in the What's new section. 

> 2. Run tests.
> 3. Do Packaging (see above).
> 4. Upload the files to the main repo!
> 5. Download MSI from the draft release to your local computer, test it and verify the version number in about!
> 6. Do not set pre-release flag!
> 7. Publish the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run tests.
5. Do Packaging (see above).
6. Upload the files to the main repo!
7. Download MSI from the draft release to your local computer, test it and verify the version number in about!
8. Do not set pre-release flag!
9. Publish the release.
```
